Clarification Refresh Auth Token #1807 (#254)
directus/docs: api/reference.md

#### Body

> A valid token (the format JWT xxx.xxx.xxx (two dots))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A valid token (you can recognize a JWT by its format: `xxx.xxx.xxx` (two dots))
```

Author: 👍
